README.md, before:

# C-Switch
A simple project to turn on/off defines in a C/C++ header file quickly. This project is based on [PigCore](https://github.com/PiggybankStudios/PigCore), it uses [sokol_gfx.h](https://github.com/floooh/sokol/blob/master/sokol_gfx.h) and [sokol_app.h](https://github.com/floooh/sokol/blob/master/sokol_app.h) to make a graphical window, and [Clay](https://github.com/nicbarker/clay) to do UI layout.

# Usage
1. Run **cswitch.exe**
2. Select File->Open from the top bar (or drag and drop a file from Explorer)
3. Choose a C/C++ header file (.h/.hpp) that has some number of `#define` lines that are set to values like `1`, `0`, `true`, or `false` (value-less `#define`s will also work, they will be commented/uncommented)
4. After opening, a button for each `#define` in the file will be shown.
5. Clicking a button will toggle the value between 1 and 0, or true and false (and immediately write to the file)

# Screenshot
![Screenshot4](/_media/screenshot4.png)
![Screenshot5](/_media/screenshot5.png)

# Hotkeys
- **Ctrl+W** = Close file
- **Ctrl+Shift+W** = Close Window
- **Ctrl+O** = Open File
- **Ctrl+E** = Open Most Recent File
- **Ctrl+T** = Toggle Topmost

# Command-Line Arguments
- Any unnamed argument will be treated as a file path to open on startup, if no path is given, the most recently opened file is opened automatically (if it still exists)
- `--top`/`--topmost` = Enable topmost (Windows Only)
- `-s=w,h`/`--size=w,h` = Change the size of the window

Commit message:

Added multiple tabs, allowing multiple files to be open at the same time. The tabs gutter only shows up if more than 1 file is open at a time. You can switch between tabs with Ctrl+Tab or Ctrl+Shift+Tab. You can close tabs by middle clicking on them. Also added an option to toggle the topbar from the View menu (or use F11 hotkey), this also toggle the scrollbar visibility. This also comes with hotkeys for opening the File and View menu (Alt+F and Alt+V respectively) so they can be accessed while the topbar is hidden. We likely want  to add some discoverable way to learn how to get the topbar back, might make a floating text widget in the top middle of the screen that only shows when your mouse gets close, and also shows for some period of time when topbar is first hidden. The File and View menus also show as (F)ile and (V)iew when you are holding the Alt key down to help indicate the shortcuts. Escape also makes the topbar appear again because that's a common button people attempt to use to get out of fullscreen-like behavior.

README.md, after:

# C-Switch
A simple project to turn on/off defines in a C/C++ header file quickly. This project is based on [PigCore](https://github.com/PiggybankStudios/PigCore), it uses [sokol_gfx.h](https://github.com/floooh/sokol/blob/master/sokol_gfx.h) and [sokol_app.h](https://github.com/floooh/sokol/blob/master/sokol_app.h) to make a graphical window, and [Clay](https://github.com/nicbarker/clay) to do UI layout.

# Usage
1. Run **cswitch.exe**
2. Select File->Open from the top bar (or drag and drop a file from Explorer)
3. Choose a C/C++ header file (.h/.hpp) that has some number of `#define` lines that are set to values like `1`, `0`, `true`, or `false` (value-less `#define`s will also work, they will be commented/uncommented)
4. After opening, a button for each `#define` in the file will be shown.
5. Clicking a button will toggle the value between 1 and 0, or true and false (and immediately write to the file)

# Screenshot
![Screenshot4](/_media/screenshot4.png)
![Screenshot5](/_media/screenshot5.png)

# Hotkeys
- **Ctrl+W** = Close file
- **Ctrl+Shift+W** = Close Window
- **Ctrl+O** = Open File
- **Ctrl+E** = Open Most Recent File
- **Ctrl+T** = Toggle Topmost
- **Ctrl+Tab** = Switch to Next Tab
- **Ctrl+Shift+Tab** = Switch to Previous Tab
- **Middle Click (On Tab)** = Close Tab

# Command-Line Arguments
- Any unnamed argument will be treated as a file path to open on startup, if no path is given, the most recently opened file is opened automatically (if it still exists)
- `--top`/`--topmost` = Enable topmost (Windows Only)
- `-s=w,h`/`--size=w,h` = Change the size of the window
